Escape from Fang Fei
In China, most of us at this age are the only children in family, being spoiled by parents at home, lacking the opportunity to get in touch with peers, going to college for the first time leaving parents, and most people have the egregious traits: lazy and jealous.  My university roommate Fang Fei has been particularly serious.
First of all, my roommate Fang Fei has always been stingy both with himself and with others.  In our university, the public bath was far from the dormitory building, and it was hot and dry on the way to the public bath in the summer.  There are four people in our dormitory and we wanted to raise money to buy a simple shower, which costs only 20 yuan per person, but he refused to pay and said that he did not need.  When I bought it with two other roommates, he would use it frequently.  In addition, when the strawberry was on the market, I was going to buy some, and Fang Fei asked me to bring him a pound.  While the supermarket had only sealed boxed strawberries and each box was about a pound more.  When I went back to find him to calculate the money, he only gave me the money of one pound of strawberry.  After I washed my strawberry, he ran over and grabbed a lot. In contrast, he secretly washed his strawberries, and put them in a lunch box and put them in the corner, afraid of being seen by us.  Proper savings are beneficial, but Fang Fei’s savings have reached the level of the door, which is unbearable.
Secondly, Fang Fei has always been jealous and he would sneer at people stronger than him.  In college, I studied hard, but he did not ask for progress and did not want others to study.  Once, a course was going to take the exam and I was studying in the dormitory.  He ridiculed that I was hard-working and made noise deliberately so that I could not concentrate on learning.  As a result, I could only go to the library to study and when I came back from the library, he would sneer at me once again.  I usually got scholarships every semester and would invite roommates to dinner, but he would get angry and didn’t attend.  To illustrate Fang Fei’s jealousies further, one day, he suddenly asked me if I felt that the squad leader of our class was a bit annoying because he thought that our squad leader never dared to skip classes for the usual time, and was too utilitarian to do things, and always went to the library alone, and seldom played with him, so he felt that the squad leader looked down on him.  In fact, our monitor was a modest, enthusiastic and self-motivated person.  Because of jealousy, Fang Fei always tried to get satisfaction by ridiculed and discredited people who are stronger than himself.
Fang Fei’s most unbearable feature was his laziness, both in learning and in life.  The experience of working with him on an EDA program was unpleasant.  Since we were the first to contact hardware design, this program was considerable challenging to us and the course would fail if the project task was not accomplished on time.  I was very stressed during that time, and almost all of my time was spent on EDA design every day, but he evaded for various reasons every time I looked for him to work on the project.  For example, one night I asked him to debug the code of the output module tomorrow, but he said he needed to attend the student council meeting tomorrow and he has no time to help me.  What made me angry was that I found he stayed in the dormitory and played computer games the next whole day.  In our college, the school checked the dormitory hygiene every week and asked for the quilt.  At the beginning, Fang Fei did not fold the quilt and the entire dormitory would be deducted.  Under our persuasion, he would take the quilt out on the day of checking the hygiene in order to avoid the quilt.  Fang Fei’s laziness has not been a pleasant experience throughout college period.
The four years of university have passed, and most of us have become better, but Fang Fei has not changed much.  His stingy, jealousy and laziness never changed, but fortunately, I don't have to deal with him anymore.
